Welcome to DISC! This section of the code mainly handles the camera processing and computer vision aspect of the project. The scripts for two functions are housed here, calibrate and capturedisc; both of which are called by the controller.py script for different parts of the game state.

capturedisc(): called when the player starts a game from the main menu of the game. Initializes an OpenCV video capture, and applies a color-based threshold based on the input, which pulls from a state signal which is initialized to a default "green" range. This threshold can be updated by calibrate(), described below. Once thresholding is done, some additional image processing is done, a median blur is applied to reduce noise, and a blur is applied to reduce contiguous-contour errors. Afterwards the max area controur is decided as the striker and some calculations are done to convert the strikers position and size in frame into a real-world 2D coordinate estimation. These values go through a moving average filter in order to reduce jitter in the datasteam, and are scaled from -1 to 1 for the purpose of the game state.

calibrate(): called when the player starts calibration from the main menu of the game. Initializes an OpenCV video capture, and does similar thresholding to whats described above, and then attempts a SIFT-based feature match between the resulting filtered image and the image found within the assets folder. If the match is not good enough, it enters a control loop to iterate through different thresholds until it finds a suitable match. When a suitable match is found, the script returns to the main menu of the game state, and updates the state control signal that corresponds to the thresholding to the newly found suitable threshold.